Update readme (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-mvc-spreadsheet-send-ajax-requests-to-server-to-get-cell-values: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T318446)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
# Spreadsheet for ASP.NET MVC - How to send an AJAX request to the server to obtain cell values

This example demonstrates how to use AJAX methods to send a request to the server and obtain cell values

![Send AJAX Requests](result.png)

> You should update the Spreadsheet state before you send a request to the server. To do this, use one of the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should update the Spreadsheet's state before you send a request to the server. To do this, use one of the following methods:
```

* Call the [Ajax.BeginForm](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.web.mvc.ajax.ajaxextensions.beginform?view=aspnet-mvc-5.2) method to add the `<form>` tag to the response. The Spreadsheet located in this tag automatically updates its state when a user submits the form.

> * Call an internal `OnPost` method to update the Spreadsheet state, then call the [Jquery.ajax](https://api.jquery.com/Jquery.ajax/) method to send a request. Note that we may change the name or implementation of the `OnPost` method in the future without any notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Call an internal `OnPost` method to update the Spreadsheet state, then call the [Jquery.ajax](https://api.jquery.com/Jquery.ajax/) method to send a request. Note that we may change the name or implementation of the `OnPost` method in the future without notice.
```
